README.md, before:

## **4 Weeks Python Boot Camp Projects:**

### **Week 1 , Techinical Skills Project: Random Password Generator.**

Use Python script to generate a random password of 8 characters. Each time the program is run, a new password will be generated randomly. The passwords generated will be 8 characters long and will have to include the following characters in any order:

* 2 uppercase letters from A to Z,
* 2 lowercase letters from a to z,
* 2 digits from 0 to 9,
* 2 punctuation signs such as !, ?, “, # etc.


Hint: To solve this challenge we will have to generate random characters and to do so we will need to use the ASCII code.

**ASCII Code:**   The ASCII code,  is a code for representing English characters as numbers, with each character assigned a number from 0 to 127. For example, the ASCII code for uppercase M is 77. The extended ASCII code contains 256 characters (using numbers from 0 to 255).


### **Week 1 , Techinical  Writing Skills Test: With not less than 600 words write a techinacal article, Named  "Python  Basics, Pythons 101!" .**



**The task collected  from Saturday, the folowing links will be required:**

1). GitHub Link to the source code, remember  to add a screenshot of the working program.

2). Google colabs version of the code. 

3). Link to your techinical article . 


Good Luck.



### **Project 2:  YouTube Downloader with Python.**

Commit message:

Update README with week  2 projects

README.md, after:

## **4 Weeks Python Boot Camp Projects:**

### **Week 1 , Techinical Skills Project: Random Password Generator.**

Use Python script to generate a random password of 8 characters. Each time the program is run, a new password will be generated randomly. The passwords generated will be 8 characters long and will have to include the following characters in any order:

* 2 uppercase letters from A to Z,
* 2 lowercase letters from a to z,
* 2 digits from 0 to 9,
* 2 punctuation signs such as !, ?, “, # etc.


Hint: To solve this challenge we will have to generate random characters and to do so we will need to use the ASCII code.

**ASCII Code:**   The ASCII code,  is a code for representing English characters as numbers, with each character assigned a number from 0 to 127. For example, the ASCII code for uppercase M is 77. The extended ASCII code contains 256 characters (using numbers from 0 to 255).


### **Week 1 , Techinical  Writing Skills Test: With not less than 600 words write a techinacal article, Named  "Python  Basics, Pythons 101!" .**



**The task collected  from Saturday, the folowing links will be required:**

1). GitHub Link to the source code, remember  to add a screenshot of the working program.

2). Google colabs version of the code. 

3). Link to your techinical article . 


Good Luck.



### **Project 2:  YouTube Downloader with Python.** 
 
 - Create Your YouTube Downloader With Python 3+

**Hint:**

```Python  

from pytube import YouTube

``` 

### **Week 2 , Techinical  Writing Skills Test: With not less than 600 words write a techinacal article, Named "Introduction To Python Functions" .**


**The task collected  from Saturday, the folowing links will be required:**

1). GitHub Link to the source code, remember  to add a screenshot of the working program.

2). Google colabs version of the code. 

3). Link to your techinical article .
